[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: It's
been said by great sages
throughout the ages
that this planet has
pyramids in every corner:
buried, often still
energetically active,
waiting to be rediscovered.
We visited one such
pyramid recently in Bosnia.
And now Linda Moulton
Howe is bringing us
news of another located west
of Mount McKinley in Alaska.
They call it The Dark Pyramid.
Reports from credible
military sources
began surfacing in June of 2012
on this strange artifact, which
the government took great
steps to keep secret.
Linda, an investigative
reporter for earthfiles.com
is here today to share
what she has learned
about this truly
strange anomaly.
And the thing is, this
is really coming new.
I mean, you've
been breaking this
over the last couple of months.
And you've done
this incredible job
on Earthfiles of collating
all the different testimony
from as far back as, what, 1959?
>>LINDA MOULTON
HOWE: Well, yeah.
And the thing about it is that
it really begins with the fact
that in the first two weeks of
June, I was in southern Turkey
and traveled all the way to
Gobekli Tepe with the idea
that I wanted to
know what it was
like to be up close to
those 19-foot tall pillars
that we've only been hearing
about probably since 2010
publicly, even though
the excavation began
in 1994 with the German
archaeologist Klaus Schmidt.
And looking at the fact
that the hill is supposed
to have 30 acres of these tall
limestone pillars in rings all
over it, of which they've
only excavated 5%,
I wanted to go with Robert
Schoch, who is a geologist
and did his PhD at Yale
and has been involved
with Sphinx and Egypt
and Yonaguni studies,
and he took a group of us
in Turkey to Gobekli Tepe.
And I was there in the
morning of June 13th
with the sun on my back and very
close to these tall limestone
pillars, trying to get a
sense of what are they?
Why are there these
rings of these pillars?
And what struck me
was that I and others,
all you get is a
feeling of alienness.
You don't get a sense
of why are they there.
Robert Schoch, the
geologist, said
there's something about
the shape and the thinness
that struck him as being
something like resonance,
that they were made
like antenna to vibrate.
But whatever it
is, we all agreed
that we were in the presence
of something that is not
easily accessible
to the human mind.
And more than that, the
Klaus Schmidt Archaeology
came to the conclusion that
this was 12,000 years old
through meticulous
carbon dating.
And then through
soil studies, he's
concluded that 1,000 years after
all of these big stone rings
were set over 30 acres of hill,
that somehow it was all buried.
>>REGINA: And this
is the common theme
now, is we're getting into this
notion of "buried" artifacts.
>>MOULTON HOWE: The very
fact that it was buried.
And when I got
back to Albuquerque
and did Earthfiles and
did Coast to Coast AM,
I am laying out everything
that we saw and experienced
in Turkey and talking
about this phenomena.
How would you bury 30 acres
of 19-foot tall pillars
all in these rings?
Did it take a long time,
and if it did, why?
If it happened in a short
period of time because
of an emergency,
who could possibly
do this 12,000 years ago?
It was very clear that we were
looking at keenly, beautifully,
elegantly, almost you would use
the word manufactured pillars,
because some of these
19-foot tall, thin
had big animals
coming out of them.
And they're not glued on.
It is as if they
were made in one
fell swoop of
somebody's concept.
So after reporting about this
and leaving that question
for Coast and Earthfiles
viewers and listeners,
here we have one of the
archaeological breakthroughs
of all centuries.
12,000 years is more than
double Mesopotamia and Sumeria.
How was it buried?
A week after I had
done the broadcast,
I had an email from a
man named Doug Mutschler.
He had served for about 13 years
in Army Counterintelligence
at Fort Richardson in Alaska.
And his email was, "I was
exposed with 39 other guys,
40 of us, in an orderly room
in November of 1994 to a TV
story"-- he thought it was
on Channel 13 broadcast
in Alaska-- about the
discovery of a huge pyramid,
perhaps four times the cubic
volume of Cheops in Egypt,
underground somewhere
west of Mount McKinley,
and that they had done
animation in this TV program.
But when he tried to find
out more information-- he
was working Army
Counterintelligence--
and went to the station,
he met nothing but walls.
No one, not even the
TV station, would even
admit that they had
broadcast anything.
And he said, if you can get
to the bottom of this, Linda,
I have been trying to
find out ever since 1994.
One of the keys to 1994
was five months before.
On May 22, 1994, China did an
underground megaton nuclear
test.
The United States
and other countries
were upset that
China had done this.
But I have learned from
other seismologists
that that test was used to look
at some of the Earth's crust.
Any large, huge energy
underground tests
can be used to
look at the crust.
Doug Mutschler's story
is that they discovered
this big pyramid because of
the China underground test.
>>REGINA: How did that work?
How did they discover it?
>>MOULTON HOWE: Well, if
you have seismic instruments
set up-- and let's say they
already had information in 1994
about this pyramid, which
is what I'm going to.
This is what I have learned
now since-- they would
have put the seismic monitors
specifically around this area
in Alaska west of Mount McKinley
and used the China test knowing
that they already had
something underground
that they wanted to get
a clearer picture of.
So now working
backwards in time,
I did a story at Earthfiles and
at Coast to Coast and Dreamland
about the Doug Mutschler
saying does anybody out there
have any more information
from Fort Richardson
or any military source
about this pyramid?
>>REGINA: Let me
interject something here.
Your background-- and
you have a master's
from Stanford University.
You've been producing and
doing investigative reporting
for over three decades now.
And so the types of people
that come to Earthfiles
are everything
from dignitaries--
>>MOULTON HOWE: Scientists.
>>REGINA: -global
leaders, scientists
because you do extremely
meticulous research.
You're not going out
into speculation.
And I'm not saying there
isn't room for speculation.
I'm saying that's not your job.
But your job is to really
meticulously detail this.
So, when people start
writing in to you,
it's because of the
kind of presence
you've created with this site.
>>MOULTON HOWE: Thank you.
I hope so, because
I started getting
a lot of people who
were scientists saying,
I don't want my name used,
but here try this, try this.
And one of the emails that came
in after the Doug Mutschler
Earthfiles and broadcast,
was from the son of a man
that I call John Smith.
And his father had a
career that involved
working in the military and
had gone in to Western Electric
after the military.
And Western Electric
and Bell were the lab--
if there was any place on the
planet doing groundbreaking
science, it was in
the United States--
>>REGINA: Bell Labs
and Western Electric.
>>MOULTON HOWE: -Bell
Labs and Western Electric.
And the story, now, in
the John Smith character
is that his father got
a request to go and work
in Alaska between '59 and '61.
And now it's not
mysterious, the son
talking with his father for
decades about his assignment
says he referred to
it as a dark pyramid.
That he went in an elevator--
a mining shaft elevator
down 700 feet to the
base of a pyramid
made out of some
kind of stone that
was considered to be
somewhere around four
times the volume of Cheops.
And that the father told
the son in great detail
about how they would walk
down a cement walkway,
and that they would
enter into one
of the base vertices
of this huge pyramid.
And said that they knew
that it could give off
a tremendous amount of energy.
And not only could
it give off energy,
the father's work was
trying to understand
how this huge structure
underground could somehow
enhance energy in
an electrical form.
This was the mystery.
And that the father confirmed
that the vertex-- so here's
a pyramid-- the top was 150 feet
below ground, the base at 700.
That means this was a pyramid
550 feet vertical, bigger
than Cheops, which is what
Doug Mutschler had said
they had reported on this
strange mysterious TV program
that nobody can find.
So I put out Earthfiles
and at Coast and Dreamland
the story now of
a Western Electric
man with all of his
background papers,
even more than I have
put out publicly.
And within a week of that,
I get another email coming
from a man who said,
"I'm going to let
you use my real
name, Bruce Pearson."
And he said, "My father was
in the Navy, was on a PT boat.
My father has a typed
letter from Forrestal,
who was our first
Secretary of Defense."
He said, "Our family
has never understood
why did my dad receive
this typed letter?"
Maybe it was something that
went to a bunch of people
who had fought.
But nevertheless, it always
raised questions in the family
as the father left
military and started
doing a variety of
other kinds of work.
He-- the father said
he wanted to get away
from Washington, DC pressure.
And the son remembered that.
And where did they go?
The father and the mother
applied for a teaching job
in Unalakleet, Alaska.
It's about as far
to the west as you
can get from Mount McKinley.
And the story is
from the son talking
with the father in great
depth, that-- and the mother.
The mother is still alive and
completely confirms everything
that I've reported, and more
actually-- that the father, who
kept his hand in aviation
from his military career,
was in Unalakleet one day
and how he crossed paths
with this helicopter pilot
is still not quite clear.
But the helicopter
pilot and the dad
talk about their PT boat days.
They had both been--
>>REGINA: A little
camaraderie was developing.
>>MOULTON HOWE: Camaraderie.
And according to the
son, and I have this
straight from the
wife, the mother,
the father told them the
pilot said, "Hey, we're
on a classified mission."
But it was like, you've
been in our shoes.
Why don't you take a
jump run out with us.
We're going to be out two hours.
They've told us we can't
land, we can only drop off,
we've got heavy cargo.
And then we'll be
back to Unalakleet
and we'll have fun talking.
And as they approached, you
could see Mount McKinley,
which I now know exactly because
I've had a helicopter go there
and I now know what it
looks like from a helicopter
in this place that we
think is the anomaly.
They lose everything.
They lose their compass--
>>REGINA: Magnetic
orientation, yeah.
>>MOULTON HOWE:
Everything is going crazy.
And at first, the father
riding in the backseat,
even though the
pilot had said we
may run into something choppy,
when it starts happening,
he says don't
worry, don't worry.
We've been briefed on this.
We'll be able to get
down, don't worry.
And eventually, with all of
this sort of flying blind,
they were able to
land and could see
a jeep that had a .50 caliber
machine gun aimed at them.
There were six men in
black suits, no insignias,
who came running.
Inside of the helicopter
were these two heavy cases,
and the pilot had said he had
no idea what were in them.
But they were so heavy that
when the helicopter settled just
for the men to come in,
the bases of the helicopter
went out there
was so much weight
in these two heavy boxes.
Six men pull off and
they say, "Standby."
And they had-- it was
kind of like a hose that
was in the back of this jeep
where the .50 caliber was.
They refueled and
told them they had
to keep the rotor blades going.
And so they refueled
and took off.
Now what did the father tell
the son that I've interviewed
that he learned from that
pilot about what in the world
was there under that
kind of security.
It is a pyramid made out of
stone thousands of years old,
the maker is
unknown, and that we
know-- meaning our
government, the US government
has learned-- that
it can give off
enough energy to power
the nation of Canada.
Now the father tells his
wife and the son about this
and says, "I promised the
pilot I would never ever
talk to anybody, so don't talk."
That was in 1978.
So now we have '59 to '61,
a Western Electric, Bell
with a military background,
electrical engineer, who
was working at the
base of a pyramid
and tells his son all about it.
Then you jump from '59, '61, to
1978, Unalakleet out to where?
Very near Mount McKinley.
And this drama and this
being thousands of years old?
No one knows who made
it, but the government
knows that it will give off
enough energy to power Canada?
Jump to 1994, November.
40 men working in the
United States Army
Counterintelligence--
the warrant
officer, Doug
Mutschler, watches.
It was in house.
It was in Fort Richardson.
That's what we are still
trying to figure out.
Was this something
that was not broadcast
to the greater
Anchorage population?
Was this a test for some reason
inside of Fort Richardson,
and it tells about this
huge pyramid underground
and how scientists found it
with the Chinese 1 megaton
test, which is how I
came to learn about it?
And since I have
done that interview
and have been unfolding
this story, what
is beginning to
come forward to me
are other stories that I
still do not have hard fact
but are suggesting that
all over the planet
that there are pyramid
structures that,
once upon a time, as the
pilot of that helicopter
told Bruce Pearson's father,
thousands of years old.
Well, Gobekli Tepe
is 12,000 years old.
And Gobekli Tepe has an alien
quality to it that you cannot
imagine hunter-gatherers taking
blades and making Gobekli Tepe.
So who was on this
planet terraforming--
>>REGINA: I mean,
they're in China.
>>MOULTON HOWE:
-12,000 years ago.
>>REGINA: Central America,
South America, Mexico.
They're everywhere.
>>MOULTON HOWE: And if
what that pilot said
is true, that our government
knows that they can give off
enough energy to power
Canada, what in the world must
this planet have
looked like, whether it
was 12,000, 20,000,
50,000 years ago?
We're talking about
something that
might have been a
Nikolai Tesla dream.
Pyramids around this whole
25,000-mile circumference
planet that would have
provided wireless free energy.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And you and I both know of
Christopher Dunn's work.
We have an interview,
if you haven't seen it,
in our archives of Christopher
Dunn's work and the Giza power
plant.
And what's interesting
is at this time,
certain technologies of
almost an esoteric nature--
because we're really out
there in the quantum field now
in terms of
technologies interfacing
with consciousness--
are starting
to have the capability of
locating a lot of what's
underground in a way that hasn't
been possible until this time.
And I know of one such source.
And just because
it's esoteric, we'll
just put it out there as
hearsay at this point.
But nonetheless,
they're saying they've
discovered lots of
different pyramids
and there are various minerals
and such that are always
combined with these
pyramids nearby.
>>MOULTON HOWE: And
it's not even hearsay.
We're talking about just in
the past 12 months or so,
that there was a deep
ground-penetrating radar
study of Cairo.
And they have found
as many, I believe,
it's 19 buried pyramids
that no one knew about.
It's like Gobekli.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MOULTON HOWE: Klaus
Schmidt started in 1994
and made his first
public statements
about Gobekli Tepe in 2010.
And all he has been able
to uncover is about 5%
of that hill.
When they did the
ground-penetrating radar,
and they said, my god,
there may be 200 or 300 more
of these tall pillars
in these rings.
We are now at a time
where it isn't just
Gobekli Tepe and Cairo and
buried pyramids or pillars.
I think one of the most
fascinating stories that I have
done in the last-- let's say
between 2010 and 2012 alone,
and no one knew about
this until just recently--
an Australian archaeologist
decided that he would try
to see into politically
difficult areas of the world
like Syria, Iran, Iraq, and what
they have found are more than
2,000--- try to grasp
this-- 2,000 stone rings.
Many of them are as
big as football fields,
300 feet in diameter.
And they spread
from southern Syria
into Jordan and
into Saudi Arabia.
No one, including the
Bedouin, knew they were there.
You cannot stand on the
ground-- just like at Nazca--
you can't stand on the
ground and see anything.
And yet, when they
went to satellites
for the brand new technology
of beginning to look,
just like Google is
mapping the world,
this is where these
thousands of rings showed up.
But they aren't just rings.
I have photographs that I got
from the Australian scientist,
and it looks like you're
looking at bacteria.
It looks like you're
looking at organic forms.
They either have facets
or divisions to them.
The big circles can have smaller
circles and weird patterns.
Why?
And what is the
oldest date so far?
9,000 to 10,000 years old.
Now we're getting up
into Gobekli territory.
Who was putting thousands
of rings in lava--
it's a whole big
20-million-year-old lava
spread, that that's what makes
them so visible from the sky,
and that that lava covers these
three nations and that's how
they could see them.
Well, but who 9,000
to 10,000 years ago
would've had the
ability to make all
of these very complex, bizarre
300-foot diameter rings that
can only be seen from the sky?
>>REGINA: Well, and
what's fascinating to me
as you're talking about
it, what it's drawing up
is the imagery in also
Michael Tellinger's work
of all these artifacts covering
thousands and thousands
of kilometers in South Africa.
>>MOULTON HOWE: And
do you know what?
I began to think
when I started going
into crop circles for the
first time in 1992 in England,
some of us got
into discussions--
and I wrote about this in my
fourth book, "Mysterious Lights
and Crop Circles--"
the possibility
that rings and circles of
stone, ziggurats, pyramids
all played as some
sort of a technology
by advanced intelligences
that were not Cro-Magnon,
Homo sapien, Sapien.
And then you jump to the
1970s and to the 1980s
and to the 1990s and now as
we go into the 21st century,
crop formations have been
all over this planet as well.
But we consider it to be
a modern day phenomenon.
And in 1993, my second
year in England,
I met a man in a
crop formation and we
had the strangest
conversation at the time.
And I was brand new
like everybody else
to crop formations, but
it ties into everything
we've talked about.
He said that he had a friend
working for the Central
Intelligence Agency
whose job was
to study crop formations from
satellites because they had
big Cray computers that
were trying by latitude
and longitude and chronology to
put every crop formation that
appeared on the
planet on a timeline,
because the CIA was looking for
embedded mathematical language.
And he said my friend
told me that they
have come to the conclusion that
the crop formations are being
made by time travelers, who
are using the skin of the Earth
to judge how accurate they
are in terms of the position
that they are
coming back in time.
How complex is the history
of this planet in waves.
And I think you laugh
because we could go back
270 million years
ago, and there may
have been all kinds of
geopolitical territorial
structures on this
planet, so far
preceding standing up primates.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MOULTON HOWE: And how
ironic that in 2012,
in the 21st century,
our biggest truths
are beginning to come to
us through the ground,
through the things
that have been buried.
And that suddenly the whole
idea that Cheops in Egypt
was something grand and
unique-- it is grand and unique,
but it is not the only
grand and unique pyramid.
And that it may be
that eventually we
are going to find that
there are buried pyramids--
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>MOULTON HOWE: -everywhere.
>>REGINA: And not
just the ground.
I mean, more than the
skin of the Earth telling
its story, more
than the artifacts,
people are telling this story.
And this is the part I find
fascinating because for me, I'm
totally comfortable with the
notion of the continuation
of a soul's journey, i.e.
reincarnation.
And something came
into our awareness
rather recently about an
inventor of this time who
is the reincarnation of a very
famous turn of the 20th century
inventor.
And we've talked
to him, and we're
talking about Patrick Flanagan--
>>MOULTON HOWE:
And Nikolai Tesla.
>>REGINA: -and Nikolai Tesla.
And we're talking
about a person being
born that had all of
that knowledge Tesla had.
Well, all of the knowledge
Tesla had was clearly
something that's been available
from some previous time
or Tesla wouldn't have had it.
And we're talking
about-- when you're
talking about the pyramid
technology itself,
as a young man, he wrote a
book called "Pyramid Power."
For anybody out there who wants
to take this book, "Pyramid
Power," on, it's
heavily science-based,
very mathematical.
But it talks about the full
potential and expression
of pyramid technology.
>>MOULTON HOWE: And it brings
up a troubling question.
Nikolai Tesla, upon his death,
within 24 or 48 hours, the FBI
and the Patent Office
moved in and they took out
all of his paperwork
and patents.
That is a fact.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>MOULTON HOWE: When you go to
this whole issue of a pyramid
that our government may have
discovered after World War II,
because we moved
rapidly into Alaska
with 10,000 engineers
and scientists
to build the DEW Line and
White Alice with the idea
that we'd be able to detect
any action from the Soviet
Union coming over the pole.
So we had to have magnetic
field grid sensors.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MOULTON HOWE: And if that's
how they found the pyramid
and it goes all the way back
to the '50s, and our government
learned at some point that the
energy that that pyramid could
give off could power Canada,
what do they know in 2012--
>>REGINA: A lot.
>>MOULTON HOWE: -and where
are we sitting in relationship
to fossil fuels versus
some kind of pyramid power.
>>REGINA: Well, we're going
to talk about some of that.
We're going to take
a little break.
We have, as you can tell,
much more to talk about.
We're about jumping
out of our chairs here.
We'll be right back.
We are back and we were
just getting juiced up.
And Linda, I'm just
chomping at the bit
to tell this to
you, because we are
going to be talking with Patrick
Flanagan in a future interview
here.
And one of the things I was
drawn into and intrigued about
was what you just
brought up, which
is that Tesla's papers were
spirited away after his death.
18 months later,
Flanagan was born.
By the time he was
in his 20s, he'd
written this book
called "Pyramid Power."
He had made many
other discoveries.
And in fact, this whole
operation for missile detection
was built-- $360
million dollars,
I think, to build that facility
up in Alaska right around 1960,
'61, '58 in that area.
Flanagan had built the
exact same missile detection
device in his garage for $15.
That's when the men
in black showed up.
So his life went on.
But the interesting
thing was he ended up
in a circle of Tesla admirers.
And the man who spirited
those papers away,
I think his name was
Strasburger, Strassenberger,
something like that.
You probably know his name.
We're right around his name.
>>MOULTON HOWE:
What it underscores
is how important Tesla
was, and how important he
was monitored by the government.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And Patrick said,
hey, that's who I was.
And they said if you were
that person, prove it.
What do you know about the
particle beam generator,
this longitudinal
wave weapon device?
And he said, give
me a piece of paper.
So he drew it out,
drew all the equations,
the man almost--
his jaw dropped.
He said, no one could know
that other than Tesla.
The point is, he's not the only
person on the planet coming
back with this, we want
to say priority type
of advanced knowledge.
He's one of the people.
They're bringing something back
from some other point in time,
whether it's time travel
into the future or the past.
The memories are emerging
now of all this technology.
>>MOULTON HOWE: I am
really truly beginning
to think of Earth's history as
these waves of intelligences
that have used our planet,
terraformed our planet,
mined our planet so long before
the first primate stood up
that it is difficult to
have these discussions now
because the rest of the world
has been so cemented into we
are alone in the universe.
When in fact, I
think it's beginning
to be clear to even the
archaeology community,
like in Gobekli Tepe, this was
not made by hunter gatherers.
And if we have these
waves of intelligences
before, who, what, why, and
what were they terraforming?
I think what you're saying is
that if we have reincarnation
as part of the machinery
of the universe,
and this is a fabric of
existence on this planet,
then somebody like Nikolai Tesla
might be bringing in his mind
some of this intelligence and
some of this technology that
still doesn't exist in the 21st
first century among Cro-Magnon,
Homo sapien, Sapien.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>MOULTON HOWE:
And this also goes
to one of these
huge issues that I
have had to deal with
now for three decades.
What is it that the government
of the United States
is sitting on that they
made some sort of a decision
at the end of World War II?
They already had a great
deal of information
by 1941 with the retrieval
of both bodies and craft
and technology, including
a piece of technology
that they referred to as a
neutronic propulsion system.
It suggests that
the scientists who
named it were referring
to neutrons, which
is part of the proton, electron,
neutron at the heart of atoms.
The inside information is
that when they got this
from Cape Girardeau,
Missouri, 1941,
six years before anything
that surfaced out of Roswell,
that propulsion device
went to Los Alamos.
>>REGINA: Well, there was also
talk it came out of Germany.
>>MOULTON HOWE: Well, no.
But I'm trying to stay in
this thread of our government.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MOULTON HOWE: Oppenheimer was
already given the assignment
to start and develop what became
Los Alamos in the development
of the atomic bomb that
we dropped on Japan.
So '41, the story is out of
a crashed disc in Missouri,
we take technology that goes
to New Mexico for this genius,
Oppenheimer, to
develop, to work on.
If the government
of the United States
was already accessing
technology that was not
from this planet
in '41, the idea
of there being innocence
about an underground pyramid
discovered in the '50s is
probably just another cover.
It means that our
government would
have been looking
themselves, doing
what I've been trying to
do by going to Turkey.
Those of us who keep hitting
this information fresh,
the government was probably
already doing in World War II
time.
>>REGINA: I think it
sounds safe to assume that.
>>MOULTON HOWE: So now
you step back and you say,
if Lieutenant Colonel Philip J
Corso who fought in the army,
who was hand-picked by
General Arthur Trudeau--
>>REGINA: Love the man.
>>MOULTON HOWE: -who was
hand-picked by Dwight D
Eisenhower, Trudeau was the only
PhD in electrical engineering
who fought in World
War II in the army.
>>REGINA: Hand chose him.
>>MOULTON HOWE: And
Dwight D Eisenhower
knew and respected
him, and put him
in charge of R&D, the first
one coming out of World War II.
>>REGINA: Foreign
Technology Office.
>>MOULTON HOWE: And Trudeau
knew Corso out of Italy, hand
picks him.
And what does that
story boil down to?
I believe Colonel Corso--
>>REGINA: I do, too.
>>MOULTON HOWE: -not the
critics and the debunkers.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
I'm so glad to hear
you say that because--
>>MOULTON HOWE: They were
taking the technology,
whether it was from Missouri,
whether it was from Texas,
whether it was from New
Mexico, wherever it was.
And General Arthur Trudeau
showed Colonel Corso
in his office in the
Pentagon a file drawer.
>>REGINA: A file cabinet, yeah.
>>MOULTON HOWE: Corso told
me, he said it was amazing.
The general walks over
and pulls open a drawer
and starts lifting this
stuff out and saying,
this is extra-terrestrial
technology
we have taken out of
these crashed craft.
And he said, "Your
job is going to be--
I'm the one who will
set up the meeting."
>>REGINA: I remember
he said he felt
like a little kid at Christmas
time in his apartment or home
with this stuff spread out
on the floor thinking, what
is this stuff?
And it was his job--
>>MOULTON HOWE: To hand carry.
And that's what a lot
of people lose sight of.
We're talking about what, 15
to 20 years after the war?
We are still in a post-war
counterintelligence,
extremely sophisticated world.
>>REGINA: Yeah, they started
reverse engineering in '61,
I think.
>>MOULTON HOWE:
And it would have
been Trudeau would know
one man, let's say,
in any one of the corporations.
Corning Glass was
very much involved.
Makes one contact--
>>REGINA: I thought
Bell Labs was.
>>MOULTON HOWE: Yeah,
but I'm just saying.
>>REGINA: All of
the main guys, yeah.
>>MOULTON HOWE: So
let's say Corning Glass.
It isn't a phone call.
General Trudeau would
have had a meeting
with the person in Corning
Glass, whoever was hand-picked,
and they discuss
what's going to happen.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MOULTON HOWE: And then Philip
Corso would have a meeting
and a physical item would be
transported to one person.
So only three human beings know.
I hope that the audience
understands this.
It's just the way this worked.
>>REGINA: It's
compartmentalized.
>>MOULTON HOWE: And
all of the scientists,
all of the administrators,
everybody in Corning Glass
would never have
known the source.
It would have been given
as a research project,
and eventually a patent
would be evolved,
and everybody in that
corporation is out of the loop.
Today in 2012, what
really intrigues me,
if the John Smith
father in '59 to '61
was going in a mine shaft
elevator down 700 feet,
coming into a base that he
worked in for two plus years,
knew that it would give off
tremendous amounts of energy,
did somebody make a decision
to close down that pyramid?
And how did they do it, and why?
Why am I saying this?
'78 clearly that group that
went out in the helicopter
had some kind of
magnetic interference,
and they were briefed.
And that meant
that our government
knew that this crew
had to be briefed.
What happened after '78?
Because there have
been crews-- and I've
been doing a lot of
research on this--
flying around Mount
McKinley now '78 to 2012.
There's not a single report and
I'm-- I'm saying, Linda Howe,
investigative reporter-- I had
been talking to people who do
$500,000 research projects,
taking big classified
magnetometers and put them in
tow on airplanes for whether
it's the Defense Department
or fossil fuel, natural gas.
They're out there all
the time, and there's not
one single report of the
current age of anybody having
any kind of magnetic
field anomalies.
What is it that will
disconnect the power?
It's been suggested to me in
an email since I started doing
this work, by somebody that
I can't put on the air,
I cannot use their name, it's
a terrible situation to be
in as a reporter.
But I can at least
share this as what if.
That if the capstones of
specific pyramids are removed,
it might disconnect the
entire ancient power grid.
>>REGINA: That would make sense.
It would totally change
the geometrical structure
and the energetic
potentials of it
if you remove what was called in
the Great Pyramid the "Benben,"
right?
>>MOULTON HOWE: And
in this email here
was the kicker, the punch line.
Would our government ever
have had the knowledge
to do this disconnect,
or are we talking
about the ancient
intelligences that
have been and used
this Earth in waves
for perhaps millions
of years who
would know how to disconnect
and would have done this
on purpose to keep humans
essentially still using fire
until what point in the future?
>>REGINA: OK.
So to play devil's advocate on
that, that's entirely possible.
I mean, that would be probably
one prevailing theory--
the largest prevailing theory.
I'm just looking at it from
the other point of view, too.
If like Tesla's
concern was the energy,
if it were to be
used incorrectly,
it was one of the most
powerful destructive forces
on the planet.
OK.
We've kind of seen how atomic
energy has borne out over time.
Is it also--
>>MOULTON HOWE: But don't
mix the apples and oranges.
Atomic is one thing, pyramid
power is completely different.
>>REGINA: No, I understand that.
But I'm saying, we're talking
about advanced free energy
gathering from the
forces of nature
and compressing or
condensing, and then--
>>MOULTON HOWE: We
don't know how it works.
>>REGINA: -being
able to project them.
But his concern was
it would be used
for potentially
destructive purposes.
That's a genuine concern.
In terms of who disabled
this technology,
I would tend to think the
government has had access
to this information for
quite a long time as to what
the capabilities might be.
Is it possible that they were
disabled until a point came
where we really had matured
enough on one level,
that's certainly
another question.
>>MOULTON HOWE: That's
the implication.
>>REGINA: Well, do you
know Judy Wood's work?
Doctor Judy Wood and 9/11?
>>MOULTON HOWE: Yes.
>>REGINA: We interviewed
her and she's
saying that was a Tesla device.
She's saying that was a Tesla
device, and her evidence--
she's highly qualified,
incredible evidence.
But to the effect that that was
justified through a Tesla type
technology, her
interest and concern
is if we saw with
our own eyes what
it can do in a destructive way,
what happens if you harness it
for peaceful purposes?
>>MOULTON HOWE: The
problem with using
the word Tesla device,
his greatest claim to fame
would be alternating current.
And that's-- so he was involved
with what we would say Edison
versus Tesla, DC versus AC--
>>REGINA: Which was
one thing he did.
>>MOULTON HOWE: Yeah.
And it's only one.
And then--
>>REGINA: That's only one thing.
He still had the
particle beam generator.
>>MOULTON HOWE: And then he
was dealing with turbines,
and then he was dealing
with electrostatic energy.
And there's that famous
photograph where he picks up
that fluorescent
tube and you see
all of the electrostatic
air, and he's
sitting there in a chair or
standing up with this tube
and it's lighted.
That is the direction in which
I think when people are thinking
about Tesla, that was his
demonstration, that he could
light the tube in an
electrostatic field.
>>REGINA: No, I'm talking
particle beam generator.
I'm talking about the
other technology that
was sequestered and put in
a safe that that man, Frank
Strassberger, Strausberger or
something, whatever it was.
>>MOULTON HOWE: Well,
the important part
of Tesla to me, to the
pyramid, the parallel,
is the demonstration
that he was dealing
with electrostatic fields and
had the idea that he could
build these towers
that would generate,
in some sort of
a way, waves that
would start going around
the planet-- standing waves
from, I think,
electrostatic energy.
And it is extremely
interesting that when
you come to the discs,
triangles, spheres,
whatever you-- there's such a
variety that people have either
photographed or
drawn in the-- we'll
call it the unidentified
flying object field-- what
is one of the most common
denominators over 60,
70, 100 years?
People will see what
they think is a cloud.
And the cloud will suddenly
change into a disc or a sphere
or a triangle or a cigar.
>>REGINA: It can be also
an unidentified flying
object shaped cloud.
>>MOULTON HOWE: What
I'm coming to is
electrostatic fields can ionize.
Ionization can glow.
It's a plasma.
So in the phenomenon itself
just to eyewitnesses,
you have this link between
ionization-- glowing ionization
around their craft.
Tesla was saying that he
could use electrostatic fields
in these towers to create
standing waves that would then
be free energy around the planet
that everyone could lift up
their lights or somehow just
that's it, you just have a rod,
and you would power a house.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MOULTON HOWE: That
is where, to me--
>>REGINA: That's the
pyramid technology.
>>MOULTON HOWE: That's right.
I agree.
And if there has
been a disconnect--
I don't know this
for a fact-- if there
has been a disconnect
of the grid, who did it?
And if there has not been
a disconnect of the grid,
is it actually functioning
and we don't know it?
And is the government using it?
And then, where does
something like Gobekli Tepe
that Robert Schoch standing
there right next to me
is looking at these
and says, "You know,
Linda, every time I look at
these T-shaped, thin, elegant
limestone tall
pillars," he said,
"I think of tuning forks."
And now, all over,
people are beginning
to report in various papers
Stonehenge might have been
involved with frequencies,
that Malta, the Hypogeum built
in order to function at
110 to 115 Hertz frequency,
the sound of a male's voice.
What would this planet
have been 12,000 years ago
when Gobekli Tepe
was first built?
Would it have been that sound
itself was involved in some
sort of a global-- I'm
going to say technology--
>>REGINA: Well, that's partly
what Christopher Dunn--
>>MOULTON HOWE: -that there
may have been resonance.
>>REGINA: Yes, exactly.
Resonance.
>>MOULTON HOWE:
And the pyramids--
>>REGINA: Right,
are part of that.
>>MOULTON HOWE:
-were part of it.
>>REGINA: So I
have another thing
to bring up then just
to toss out there.
If species from other
planets, maybe even
a variety of them, maybe even
over hundreds of millions
of years, not just 50,
25, 10,000 years ago
were building these
things, they were clearly
building them for
their own purposes.
These weren't for human use.
>>MOULTON HOWE: No.
>>REGINA: Nor
consumption purpose
for our understanding
or anything.
So let's say we are now
refining our knowledge
and opening or intellect
up as a species
to be able to grok what the
potential of these things are.
And when you're bringing
up the question of who
could have removed
the capstones,
really is that our-- on one
level, it's interesting,
but that's not our technology.
If they removed the
capstones, does there
have to necessarily be a human
interface type of agenda to it?
>>MOULTON HOWE: Well,
it's how would our--
>>REGINA: Could it simply
be that's their technology.
Maybe they're not
using it and they
don't want it used
by anybody else.
>>MOULTON HOWE: Exactly.
But how would our government
have ever determined
that it would give
off enough power
to power the nation of Canada?
Somebody did something in
a test and concluded this?
Well, why can't we move, why
can't the revolution now move
to that?
Let the chips fall
where they may,
let the governments
of the world say,
we're going out of fossil
fuels, ladies and gentlemen,
because this is what
we now understand.
>>REGINA: But don't you think
we're really approaching--
recently, I interviewed
Sterling Allan.
I don't know if you know of him,
but he has the PESWiki site.
And his job is
basically like you,
an investigative reporter
going around the planet,
and first-hand interfacing
with the inventors
of all the leading-edge
technologies that
are coming close to market, real
viability and actually close
to market.
Some of them are
literally months away.
They're all free energy devices.
They're very different.
Three of them happen
to be cold fusion,
but there are other
motor generators,
perpetual motion of sorts.
There is the Keshe technology,
which is far advanced
of all of that even,
and it's all coming.
It's like it's right
around the corner.
I think the pyramidal structure
in geometry and mathematics
offers us something maybe very
organic and elegant and simple
that can be tapped into
for our energy purposes,
maybe on a small scale,
maybe on a large scale.
But maybe it's just one thing.
>>MOULTON HOWE: Well, we
come back to the irony
that the pyramid underground
may be the first path taking us
directly to evidence
of extraterrestrials
on this planet, right?
>>REGINA: We're kind of
jumping the gun assuming
that, but yeah.
>>MOULTON HOWE: But, it also
goes right back to Gobekli
because--
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about-- we have some--
>>MOULTON HOWE: We
went to the museum.
>>REGINA: I want to say that we
have images, would you please--
we're going to bring some images
up and they're-- first of all,
the first image you're going
to see is the large site
and the digs.
And the second image
you're going to see
is going to be of that very
strange statue, not the man.
>>MOULTON HOWE: And that's just
exactly where I was headed.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
>>MOULTON HOWE:
Because at Gobekli,
after we had had this
experience down with the pillars
and no one could feel what
is this for outside of shock,
saying maybe tuning forks that
would resonate in a frequency.
We went to the museum in Urfa.
And for the last
five years or so,
they have been taking
some of the most valuable
of all of the stone
things that they
have found-- not just
pillars, a totem.
>>REGINA: The one we
just saw a moment ago
was one of the totem angles.
>>MOULTON HOWE: And
very bizarre creatures.
And they have been protecting
them in the museum.
And I walked in--
>>REGINA: We're looking
"Urfa Man" right now.
>>MOULTON HOWE: -to-- that was
the first thing that I came to.
And you stand in front of this
well done-- it could be today,
a modern artist
today could have done
this very sophisticated
sculpture-- no hair,
very little ears, a huge
nose had been on this
and it's broken off.
But what you are first looking
at, and you can't look away,
are obsidian crystals in
perfectly circular eye holes
that stick out 3/4 to an inch.
And I tried to photograph to
get the feeling that you're
looking into depth, you're
looking into facets,
and they're set in
these round eyes.
And it's not quite human, and
you know it's not quite human,
and you've never seen
anything like it before.
And then your eyes settle
down from the crystals
past the nose that
has been whacked off.
And this is not mouthless
because somebody whacked off
the mouth, it was built--
>>REGINA: No mouth.
>>MOULTON HOWE: -as a
whole thing of just a chin.
And what I'm thinking
of, is this meaning
that it was telepathic?
And then you come
down into the neck.
And here are double
Vs exactly like--
>>REGINA: Star Trek.
>>MOULTON HOWE: -people
in the abduc-- Star
Trek and the abduction syndrome.
35 years I've had
people draw beings
that they've encountered
with the double V.
And then you keep dropping
down on this torso,
and you are coming to a man
who's got five fingers that
are holding an erect
phallus, the testicles
are hanging down below
the bottom of the hands.
And everybody there said, if
the five fingers are holding
an erect phallus, there must
be a sixth finger behind.
This is one of the
questions that comes up
about Gobekli Tepe, six
fingers versus five fingers.
And Genesis, in the
literature of the Bible,
talks about giants
who were the product
of some sort of non-human
or angelic realm
and human females that had
six fingers and were tall.
>>REGINA: Let's go back
now to the other sculpture
for a moment, because one of
the things you discovered on
that, the face is
kind of obscured,
but let's talk
about the product.
>>MOULTON HOWE: This was, to
me, the most astonishing thing
outside of "Urfa
Man" in the museum.
And remember, everything
you're looking at,
everything we're describing
is at least 12,000 years old.
"Urfa Man" with sculpted
at least 12,000 years ago.
And I came into the
museum taking photographs
and came in to the left side
of a stone totem about 6 feet--
>>REGINA: Which we are
looking at right now.
>>MOULTON HOWE: -4 inches tall.
And from the side, it
looked like a creature--
a definitely non-human
creature's head.
And then I thought it was a
snake coming down the side.
And when I moved around to
take the front photograph,
my shock was that what was
the creature's bizarre head
to the side, something had
smashed it off like to nose
had been whacked
off of "Urfa Man."
And below was another
bizarre creature's head
with strange eyes and
hands coming around,
and then I realized
the snakes coming down
are the arms, knees,
and feet of a pubic area
that is giving birth to what
looks like a human child.
>>REGINA: That little child we
see at the bottom there, yes.
>>MOULTON HOWE: And I stood
there in a minor state of shock
because on April 9, 1983,
at Kirtland Air Force
Base in Albuquerque,
New Mexico, working
on an HBO hour for television,
I was given a so-called briefing
paper for the President of
the United States of America.
I was asked to read it.
I was told that the AFOSI
agent in front of me
would answer questions,
but I could take no notes.
And they directed me to a
chair in the middle of the room
where I had to sit to read this
alleged presidential briefing
paper.
And as I read, I
came to a paragraph
that is still clear in my mind.
Extraterrestrial
biological entities
manipulated DNA in
already evolving primates
to create Homo sapiens and
the Latin word was used.
And then another paragraph
under a Project Garnet--
because I told myself,
remember your birthday--
Project Garnet, all
questions and mysteries
about the evolution of
Homo sapien on this planet
have been answered and
this project is closed.
And I remember reading
both of these sentences
over and over as if my mind
went to a tilt, in which
the implications were racing
with we are-- if we standing up
primates are made from
genetic manipulation
by extraterrestrial
biological entities,
we are, by every definition
of Webster's, somebody
else's android.
An android is defined as
a biological smart robot.
A robot is mechanical;
an android is organic.
What is our relationship
as Cro-Magnon, Homo sapien,
Sapien to all of these waves
of other advanced intelligences
and their technologies
over millennia.
And I will share with you and
your audience something that
was told to me in
1999 by a man who
was retired from the
Defense Intelligence Agency.
He told me that his job
was to monitor and research
geopolitical
territorial conflicts
of extraterrestrial biological
entities on this planet.
And he said, Linda,
think of modern man
as the 37th model of a
Hoover vacuum cleaner.
>>REGINA: And I hear
what you're saying.
And that other
document you read,
that you got your hands
on that is amazing,
as profound as it is, I find
it arrogant in that it may
be talking about what they
have been able to discover
to this point, but
to say everything
is already known that was
then when we don't even
know the stretch?
>>MOULTON HOWE: Oh, about
that the project was closed
because their bottom line is, we
are made by extraterrestrials.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>MOULTON HOWE: But
they're not answering,
nor do they know who, what,
and why, specifically,
and what is the big box agenda.
And that's what you,
I, and a few others
are trying honestly to--
>>REGINA: We are.
>>MOULTON HOWE: -find out.
>>REGINA: And it doesn't
take into account
the whole other realm of what
is this intelligence beyond?
What is this thing that
seems to follow beyond death?
>>MOULTON HOWE:
The divine field.
>>REGINA: This intelligence.
This divine field,
the notion of soul.
We have to have another talk
another time because I still
feel like we're just
getting warmed up.
Linda, thank you so much for
taking the time to be here.
>>MOULTON HOWE: Oh, it's
been fun to be here.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: You are so welcome.
To learn more about this
phenomenon and many others,
you can go to earthfiles.com
where Linda has compiled
a massive library
of case studies
in really the most credible
way possible, in my opinion.
In her files,
again which you can
refer to as the real
"X Files," Linda
is demonstrating
we're only being
told a small portion
of our human story.
For more on that, you might
also enjoy my interview
with Christopher Dunn, which
we talked about, and also
Lynne Kitei.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[THEME MUSIC]